---
description: Tweaks / changes
---

# Despawned.

<table><thead><tr><th width="256" align="center">Command</th><th align="center">Action</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td align="center">/<code>calladmin</code></td><td align="center">This command will bring up a prompt menu on the left of your screen asking you to describe your issue. This is where you tell the Staff team the issue your facing and they will respond at the earliest convenience.</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>store</code></td><td align="center">This command opens up the store interaction menu, which displays your current donation rank and any store bought items that haven't been claimed yet.</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>cmgclub</code></td><td align="center">This command opens up the CMG subscriptions' interaction menu and allows you to use the CMG Platinum and CMG Plus subscription perks.</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>craftbmx</code></td><td align="center">Creates a bmx (To have access you must nitro boost the CMG discord)</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>craftmoped</code></td><td align="center">Creates a moped (requires CMG Plus subscription)</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>dailyrewards</code></td><td align="center">Opens your daily rewards menu each day redeem a reward</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>lottery</code></td><td align="center">lottery tickets which can be purchased in a convenience store for £25,000 each. The lottery is drawn weekly and the winning player is drawn randomly from the pool of tickets. You can view the current amount in the pot and more by running the command /lottery</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>getmyid</code></td><td align="center">This command will fetch your permanent ID which you might have to use in order to apply for roleplay factions or any purchases on the store that you might make.</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>getmytempid</code></td><td align="center">Provides you with your temporary ID</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>anon</code></td><td align="center">Sends a message in twitter anonymously</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>storeallweapons &#x26;</code>/<code>storecurrentweapon</code></td><td align="center">These commands can be used to store weapons or items that you have on your person and are then accessible through your inventory at any time. they can also be re-binded to any key</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>storebackback</code></td><td align="center">Stores wearable backpacks</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>unstuck</code></td><td align="center">This command will teleport you to ground level if you find yourself stuck under the map and are unable to get out. Upon running the command you will have a prompt telling you to stay still for 30 seconds and then you will be teleported to the surface.</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>reset</code></td><td align="center">Fixes texture loss in an area</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>e</code></td><td align="center">/e [Emote] to start a emote/animation</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>e c</code></td><td align="center">Cancels emote/animation</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>pet</code></td><td align="center">This command opens up the Pet interaction menu, and allows you to use your in-game purchased pets.</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>showcompass</code></td><td align="center">Enables a compass at the top of your screen</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>streetnames</code></td><td align="center">Toggles on / off street names above minimap</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>togglekillfeed</code></td><td align="center">To turn on and turn off the killfeed</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>russianroulette</code></td><td align="center">Allows you to play russian roulette (Requires 1 bullet and a revolver)</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>radios</code></td><td align="center">opens radio menu</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>hideallui</code></td><td align="center">This command hides all the UIs on your screen, including: map, health, chat, tempids, notifications, weaponwheel.</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>hidechat</code></td><td align="center">This command hides the chat</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>hideids</code></td><td align="center">This command hides the tempids above players</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>hideui</code></td><td align="center">This command hides the map, healthbar &#x26; weaponwheel</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>showallui</code></td><td align="center">This command shows all previously hidden uis.</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>joinevent</code></td><td align="center">This command allows you to join an in-game event when one is hosted.</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>leaveevent</code></td><td align="center">This command allows you to leave and on-going event</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>vsync</code></td><td align="center">This command allows you to reset/restart your voice chat</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>crosshair</code></td><td align="center">CMG supports the use of custom crosshairs and you do not have to run any external software to do so. With this menu you can customise and create a crosshair to suit your needs. See an image below.</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>setsmoke</code></td><td align="center">Toggle the smoke trail on (for planes)</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>togglesmoke</code></td><td align="center">Toggle the smoke trail off</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>djmenu</code></td><td align="center">Opens the DJ Menu interaction menu</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>dl</code></td><td align="center">To manage your driving licence</td></tr><tr><td align="center">/<code>Phonepin</code></td><td align="center">This command will show your phone pin in chat (only visible to you) incase you ever forget your four digit password to enter your phone.</td></tr></tbody></table>
